If xxx were invisible where would they go?
If xxx were casted in a romcom, who would be their partner?
If xxx owned a boat what would it be called?
You will always find this in the pockets of xxx
What 3 things xxx will take to an island?
If xxx hosted a podcast, what would it be about?
Who is the celebrity crush of xxx?
What will xxx be doing 10 years from now?
If xxx owned a cricket team, what will it be called?
For which crime will xxx be arrested?
If xxx is sentenced to death, what they might have done?
If xxx is awarded bravery award, what would have been their brave act?
What will be xxx's future pet?
Which song best describes xxx?
If xxx finds a treasure, what will it be?
xxx's house will be made of...
xxx is casted in a daily soap, what will be the name of this daily soap?
What is xxx's passion?
What will xxx do to pay the loan of $ 1,000,000
xxx is a professional rapper, what will be their stage name?
xxx is a romantic poet, what will be their pen name?
Where will xxx go for honeymoon?
xxx just won a lottery of $100,000, What will they do?
What is the dream job of xxx?
xxx dies suddenly, what might be the cause?
xxx is a prime time news anchor, what will thier show be called?
What is xxx's guilty pleasure?
xxx is a superhero, what will be their super power?
xxx is a successful startup founder, their startup will be about...
What will xxx give as a bribe other than money to a police officer?
What will be the title of a porn movie starring xxx?
What is xxx's biggest weakness?
What is xxx's biggest strength?
What would be xxx's biggest mistake in life?
xxx's partner divorced them, what might be the reason
If xxx were a Pokemon, what will be their name?
What will xxx say to propose to a person from oppositie gender?
What will be written on the tombstone of xxx?
Trump invited xxx to white house, what they might have done?
What is xxx's secret occupation?
What will be the name of xxx's child?
What is xxx hiding?
What is always going on in xxx's mind?
Which sports game is best suited to xxx's abilities?
What is the name of xxx's dog?
What name will xxx give to their future home?
If xxx were steve jobs, what will they name their company?
xxx is very excited for...
What will be xxx's new year resolution?
Which famous cartoon character closely resembles xxx's personality?
xxx discovers a new element, what will they name it?
